Updating doc and syncing OS documentation (#97)
ansys/pyconverter-xml2py: doc/source/getting_started/index.rst

For developers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installing the pyconverter-xml2py package in developer mode allows you to modify the source and enhance it.

> Refer to the :ref:`Contribute <ref_contributing>` section to know how to take part to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For contribution guidelines, see :ref:`Contribute <ref_contributing>` in the *PyAnsys Developer's Guide*.
```
You want to tell them why they might want to click the link before presenting the link. Also, you want to let them know where the link will take them (a topic, which is the link, in a guide for PyAnsys libraries.

Author: This is not in the *PyAnsys Developer's Guide*, it will redirect them to the Contribute section of the same documentation instead of duplicating how to install the package in Developer mode.

Reviewer: @clatapie Ahh. My mistake! I removed the part where a guide is mentioned as this isn't necessary for links to other topics within the same documentation!

Post issues
-----------

Use the `PyConverter-XML2Py Issues <pyconverter.xml2py_issues_>`_ page to submit questions,

> report bugs, and request new features. When possible, use these issue
> templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report bugs, and request new features. When possible, use this issue
template:
```
Changed to singular as there appears to be only one template for this repo.

Author: There are four different issue templates in this repo: 
![image](https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py/assets/78221213/dd785696-84ee-4ad6-aee9-2035ecd48774)
I will add the two templates missing in the list.

Reviewer: @clatapie You can use the text that I added on this page of the PyMeilisearch doc: https://pymeilisearch.docs.ansys.com/version/stable/contributing.html

Author: Thank you Kathy, I made the changes.

* Bug report template
* Feature request template

> If your issue does not fit into one of these categories, create your own issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your issue does not fit into this template category, create your own issue.
```

For developers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installing the ``pyconverter-xml2py`` package in developer mode allows you to modify the source and enhance it.
Refer to the :ref:`Contribute <ref_contributing>` section to know how to take part to the project.

Post issues
-----------

Use the `PyConverter-XML2Py Issues <pyconverter.xml2py_issues_>`_ page to submit questions,
report bug and issues, add an example, and request new features. When possible, use these issue
templates:

> * *Bug, problem, error*
> * *Documentation issue*
> * *Adding an example*
> * *New feature*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Bug, problem, error <https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug.yml&title=Bug+located+in+...>`_
* `Documentation issue <https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=documentation&projects=&template=documentation.yml&title=Modify+...>`_
* `Adding an example <https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=example&projects=&template=examples.yml&title=Example+proposal%3A+...>`_
* `New feature <https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&projects=&template=feature.yml&title=Add+...`_
```
